[doc][2024.2.1] Added limitations for YSQL Connection Manager (#25458)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/explore/going-beyond-sql/connection-mgr-ysql.md

| ysql_conn_mgr_server_lifetime | The maximum duration (in seconds) that a backend PostgreSQL connection managed by YSQL Connection Manager can remain open after creation. | 3600 |
| ysql_conn_mgr_log_settings | Comma-separated list of log settings for YSQL Connection Manger. Can include  'log_debug', 'log_config', 'log_session', 'log_query', and 'log_stats'. | "" |
| ysql_conn_mgr_use_auth_backend | Enable the use of the auth-backend for authentication of logical connections. When false, the older auth-passthrough implementation is used. | true |

## Limitations

> - Changes to default GUC values for a user or database (ALTER ROLE SET/ALTER DATABASE SET queries) may reflect in other pre-existing active sessions.

Author: GUC values have nothing to do with anything previously mentioned on this page; this category of session-specific database objects may not have the correct behaviour when using connection manager as per the limitation I have mentioned. I also use the term "may" on this line because trying to explain the scenario(s) where this behaviour can be seen would dive into too many technical details for what is a very rare corner case.

> - Connection Manager can only support upto a total of 10,000 pools to route. This includes pools corresponding to dropped users and databases as well.

Author: not simultaneous - Connection Manager can route upto 10,000 unique connection pools over its lifetime as a process. As of now, there is no capability to "clean up" the history of pools for "dead" routes corresponding to users or databases that do not exist

> - Prepared statements may be visible to other sessions within the same connection pool. [#24652](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/24652)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prepared statements may be visible to other sessions in the same connection pool. [#24652](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/24652)
```

- Attempting to use DEALLOCATE/DEALLOCATE ALL queries can result in unexpected behavior. [#24653](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/24653)
- Currently, you can't apply custom configurations to individual pools. The YSQL Connection Manager configuration applies to all pools.

> - When YSQL Connection Manager is enabled, the backend PID stored using JDBC drivers may not accurate. This does not affect backend-specific functionalities (for example, cancel queries), but this PID should not be used to identify the backend process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When YSQL Connection Manager is enabled, the backend PID stored using JDBC drivers may not be accurate. This does not affect backend-specific functionalities (for example, cancel queries), but this PID should not be used to identify the backend process.
```

> - `currval` and `nextval` functions do not work by default with connection manager enabled. They can be supported with the help of the `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` flag.

Author: https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/pull/25459/files
it will be added as a part of this PR

> - `currval` and `nextval` functions do not work by default with connection manager enabled. They can be supported with the help of the `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` flag.

Author: the `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` is not a boolean flag, I can try to incorporate this comment in a similar fashion

> - `currval` and `nextval` functions do not work by default with connection manager enabled. They can be supported with the help of the `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` flag.

Reviewer: I changed the suggested text slightly

## Limitations

> - Changes to default GUC values for a user or database (ALTER ROLE SET/ALTER DATABASE SET queries) may reflect in other pre-existing active sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes to [configuration parameters](../../../reference/configuration/yb-tserver/#postgresql-server-options) for a user or database that are set using ALTER ROLE SET or ALTER DATABASE SET queries may reflect in other pre-existing active sessions.
```
